doc: release-notes-3.7: Add FS related notes (#76018)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.7.rst

    and :c:macro:`FIXED_PARTITION_NODE_DEVICE` have been added to allow obtaining
    fixed partition information from a devicetree node rather than a label.

>   * Enabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS_DATA_CRC` adds CRC protection for data.

Reviewer: Some this follow a similar phrasing as the other bullets? something like
```suggestion
  * Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS_DATA_CRC`, to add CRC protection for data.
```
